[FLINK-31248] Improve documentation for append-only table (#562)
apache/flink-table-store: docs/content/docs/concepts/primary-key-table.md

{{< /hint >}}

## Sequence Field

> By default, the primary key table determines the merge order according to the input order. However, in distributed computing,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the primary key table determines the merge order according to the input order (the last input record will be the last to merge). However, in distributed computing,
```

there will be some cases that lead to data disorder. At this time, you can use a time field as `sequence.field`, for example:

{{< tabs "sequence.field" >}}

{{< tab "Flink" >}}

```sql
CREATE TABLE MyTable (
    pk BIGINT PRIMARY KEY NOT ENFORCED,
    v1 DOUBLE,
    v2 BIGINT,
    dt TIMESTAMP
) WITH (
    'sequence.field' = 'dt'
);
```

{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}

> Regardless of the order of data input, the final correct result will always be obtained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The record with the largest `sequence.field` value will be the last to merge, regardless of the input order.
```
